General Questions
1 What types of chocolates do you offer? (All the chocolates listed on the website are offered for purchase. A custom falvor can be requested through the "customize an order" page. Each flavor can further be customized when placing an order, charges may differ which will be clarified at the time of placing the order)

2 Are your chocolates handmade or mass-produced? (Home made, as per demand)

3 What makes your chocolates different from others? (Only locally sourced ingredients are used, no preservatives, no artificial colors, no chemicals, no artifical flavoring like in most mass produced chocolates)

4 Are your chocolates safe in hot weather? (Keep the chocolates in the refrigerator for 10 - 15 minutes, after which you can store them at a cool place at room temperature.)

5 Do you guarantee freshness? (Yes! We take pride in having all orders made fresh upon request.)

Shipping & Delivery
1 How long does delivery take? (The delivery can take 2 days from the time of ordering, the delivery will be made between 7 AM to 6 PM IST)

2 Do you deliver across India / internationally? (Delivery is available only in Nadiad or Anand)

3 What are the shipping charges? (Rs. 30 is the standard delivery charge for an order above Rs. 1,500, shipping is free)

4. Can I choose a delivery date? (Yes, but the delivery date must at lest be 2 days from the day you place your order on.)

Orders & Payments
1 What payment methods do you accept? (At the moment only UPI payments are accepted.)

2. Is Cash On Delivery (COD) available? (No, to prevent any cases where the delivery is not accepted, the chocolates go to waste as each order is prepared fresh.)

Gifting & Special Occasions
1 Do you offer gift wrapping? (It can be requested, charges may apply for special handling.)

2 Do you offer bulk discounts? (Enquiries for pricing can be made through the "customize an order page")

Returns & Support
1 What is your return or refund policy? (For such edible products, there is no option for a return or refund. Please be sure to place the correct order as in case of a cancellation, the produced chocolates go to waste.)